Glide Conformance Test Suite Overview                                05/06/99


General Info
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The test suite lives in $DEVEL/sst2/glide3/conform, and has build and runtime
dependencies on glide and fxmisc. Two individual tests have other dependencies:
  - texture/texture-load-ncc is dependent on texus
  - extensions/ext-surface is dependent on the DirectDraw SDK. 

Generally, the test suite is a set of tests, some self-checking and some
image-based, and some analysis tools. The image-based tests generate 
sets of images that need to be compared to reference images via external
tools (such as logcmp and bmpcmp). The self-checking tests use LFB reads
into a local buffer and try to verify that it contains what they think it
should should contain (within a tolerance). The direction of the test suite
is that future tests should be self-checking, and the current image-based
tests should be converted when possible.

Note:
 At the moment, some of the self-checking tests have features that they
 can't self-check yet. This means that to use them completely, you'd
 want to run them and generate images for each frame. The "-dump"
 framework option will cause an image to be saved for each call to
 end_frame(). In effect, this lets you run the self-checking tests as
 if they were image based.

Tests can be run individually or in groups. When a test runs various bits
of information are logged in a log file, "conform.log" by default, which is
appended to if it already exists (or created, if not).  The framework logs
state information about the test at startup (name, description, random 
seed, resolution, glide version, command line args, etc), and how many
passes and failures it reported at shutdown. In between those, the test
itself may use the log_debug(), log_message() and log_perror() utilities
to make entries in the log. If a group of tests is run, the utility 'logcmp' 
will compare two conform.log files and give a summary of the differences. 



How to Build and Run
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 A 'make all' from the conform directory will make the complete tree,
 including tools, framework, and tests. You can also build the subdirectories
 individually, though you'd need to build the incsrc and utiltiies subdirs 
 before building anything in the tests subdir. 

 Two build-time environment variables to be aware of:

  HWC_CSIM  - if this != 0, the framework will link in some csim-specific
              things. (NOTE: Do we still need this? I think it's needed for
              the csim surface stuff now).
              
  DXSDKROOT - set this to the location of your DirectDraw SDK installation,
              if you have one. If this is set, the framework will build in
              support for direct draw surfaces and the extension/ext-surface
              (surface extension) test will work.

 Once built, executables are copied to:
   $BUILD_ROOT/$FX_GLIDE_HW/glide3/conform/{bin,lib,include}
 but I usually just run everything from the conform/tests directory in
 the source tree.

 Some runtime environment variables to be aware of:

  GLIDE_CONFORM_OUTPUTDIR - by default, all output from tests (images, dat
                            files, conform.log) go into ".". Set this to
                            a directory (that already exists) if you want
                            to redirect all output there. This is handy when
                            you need to save the results of multiple runs.

  GLIDE_CONFORM_LOGFILE   - use this to change the name of the log file from
                            "conform.log" to whatever you'd like.

  GCDBG_LEVEL             - use this to set the verbosity level. Tests can 
                            use log_debug() for messages, but they will only
                            appear if the debug level is high enough. (this
                            is not used much at the moment)

  FX_GLIDE_LFB_HW         - set this to '1' if you're running on csim or
                            you'll get strange things back from the LFB.


 So, let's say you've built the test suite and you want to run some tests.
 Here's what I typically do:

  >cd conform/tests
  >setenv GLIDE_CONFORM_OUTPUTDIR output-cvg  // this says put all output (log
                                              // images, data) in ./output-cvg

 To run specific tests, I might do:

  >raster/ras-tri -h  // find out what options the ras-tri tests supports
  >raster/ras-tri     // run the triangle rasterization test with it's defaults
  >raster/ras-tri -wid 100 -hei 100 -wc // 100x100 conform window, window coords
  >texture/texture-combine // run the texture combine test

 To run sets of tests, the currently recommended method is to use the
 perl script 'runtests.pl', which lives in the conform/tests directory.

  >perl runtests.pl -help  // see what options it supports
  >perl runtests.pl -stests -dirs // run all the self-checking tests, 
                                  // prepending the subdirectory name to the
                                  // test name (this is necessary if you're 
                                  // running from the build hierarchy)
  >perl runtests.pl -itests -dirs // run all the image-based tests, and prepend
                                  // the subdirectory name to the test name.
  >perl runtests.pl -all -dirs    // run 'em all.
  >perl runtests.pl -dirs -itests -file 640.args // run image tests using
                                  // subdirectory names, and arguments from
                                  // the file '640.args'

 'runtests.pl' will report the results of the run when it's finished (and it's
 also stored in ./runtests.log). If you ran just the self-checking tests,
 you'll have only a conform.log in your output-cvg directory. If you ran
 the image-based tests, you'll have a conform.log and LOTS of ppm images in
 there.

 If you're comparing two image-based runs, the next thing to do is to use
 the 'logcmp' tool to compare the results of the two runs. Do this like so:

 >..\logcmp\logcmp output-cvg output-sst2 // assuming the other run was in 
                                          // output-sst2

 'logcmp' walks through the log files and images and tries to summarize the 
 differences. It's helpful because of the sheer number of images that can get
 generated.

 Once you've got some images that differ, use the 'bmpcmp' tool to load them
 both in. It'll show you the differences in the images in various ways,
 and has useful zooming and overlay abilities.

 

 
Framework Command line options
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Because these arguments are framework arguments, they're available to all 
tests. Note, however, that some tests will override them.

  -h (-help)   print help
  -bn <n>      board number
  -seed <n>    random number seed

  -res <n>     display resolution
  -cbuf <n>    number of color buffers
  -abuf <n>    number of aux buffers
  -orig <xx>   origin [ll, ul]
  -cf <xxxx>   color format [RGBA, ARGB, BGRA, ARGB]
  -wid <n>     active width (the width of the conform window)
  -hei <n>     active height (the height of the conform window)
  -tile        tile (lay the conform windows out in multiple calls to
               do_conform() such that they are tiled on the screen)
  -n <n>       repeat count (the number of times to call do_conform() -
               usually overridden by the test itself)
  -dump        generate image of all frames (regardless of whether
               you're a self-checking test or not)
  -noimages    don't save any images to disk (regardless of whether 
               you're an image-based test or not)
  -dither      turn on HW dithering by default (it's off by default to
               cut down on noise when using the image comparison method)
  -i           interactive, wait for input after each frame.
  -rand  <n>   use random seed n
  -maxfail <n> maximum allowed number of failures [%d]
  -xylimit <n> allow conform window to be up to n pixels
               into the guardband.  A value of 0 (the default)
               means the conform window will be completely on
               screen. A positive value means that it can be
               up to that many pixels off the edge of the screen.
               A negative value means it can be as far offscreen
               as the hardware supports.
  -xycheck <n> add a border of <n> pixels to the conform window
               when checking pixels.
  -f <file>    read arguments from file

 


Test Structure
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A conformance test is built from 3 conceptual parts. The 'framework', the 
utility library, and the test code itself. The framework is the executor -
it is what runs first and last when a test is started. It handles various 
startup and shutdown chores (like init'ing glide, opening and closing windows,
opening and closing log files, etc) and calls fixed entrypoints in the test 
code to actually accomplish the test. The utility library is a set of routines
that tests can make use of when they need to, ranging from pixel-format
conversion to hardware emulation functions. The last part is the test-specific
code. Each test MUST implement four entrypoints:

  init_conform()   - called once by the framework before it selects a display 
                     mode (and other things) for the test. The test can set
                     it's preferred window size, buffer configuration, etc,
                     here before giving control back to the framework. Any
                     command line arguments not handled by the framework are
                     passed to the test here, and the test should look through
                     them for test-specific options. Most tests will also use
                     this time to allocate data structures that exist for the
                     duration of the test.
                 
  do_conform()     - the framework calls this as many times as required. The
                     size and location of the conform window may or may not
                     change between calls. This is where the test program 
                     should perform whatever functionality checks it wants.
                     Single or multiple tests can be performed inside of 
                     one call to do_conform(), but each should be followed 
                     with a call to end_frame() and log_status(). 

                     end_frame() lets the framework know that a test has
                     been completed (it bumps some counters), and gives it
                     a chance to save an image to disk if it needs to.
   
                     log_status() reports a pass/fail to the framework.

  close_conform()  - called by the framework after all calls to do_conform()
                     have been completed and before it shuts down glide, closes
                     windows, and releases resources. This is a good place to
                     free any allocated resources.

  help_conform()   - called by the framework if the "-help" or "-h" option
                     is given on the command line. It gives the test a chance
                     to display any test-specific options that it supports.

Although the tests are statically linked to the framework at the moment
(which means you get a new instance of the framework and of glide for
each test), they were designed so that it wouldn't be hard to make the
framework able to load and run the tests dynamically. 

If you're implementing a new test, I'd recommend using something like
tests/raster/ras-tri.cpp as a reference point. There is a template test
(in the 'conform/template' subdirectory) that is a fine example of the
the image-based test structure, but it hasn't been updated to show the
self-checking style yet.



Runtime Flow
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The general flow of things when you run a test is as follows:

  - the framework starts up, initializes some platform-specific function
    pointers, opens the log file, and allocs the conform_state structure.

  - the framework handles the command line arguments passed to it, saving
    the ones it doesn't know about.

  - the framework calls grGlideInit() and grSstSelect()

  - the framework calls the test's init_conform() method, passing it the
    conform_state structure and the list of command line arguments that
    it didn't handle.
  
  - the test's init_conform() method does any once-per-test initialization,
    such as allocating local data structures, parses the command line
    arguments for test-specific args, and then sets the parameters in the 
    conform_state structure to what it requires (for instance, it might
    require 2 color buffers but no aux buffer and 50x50 window).

  - the framework uses the information in the conform_state structure to
    select a display mode for the test to run in. It does this by querying
    glide for all the supported resolutions it supports given the parameters
    specified by the test and then chooses one at random from the returned
    list.

    NOTE: It's not clear that this is the best algorithm for choosing a 
          display mode because different hw platforms can return different 
          lists of supported resolutions for a given query. This means
          means that the same tests run with the same random seed on two
          different platforms might choose two different display modes,
          which can be confusing.

  - the framework opens up a window-system window for the test to use and
    hands it to grSstWinOpen() along with the other display parameters.
    (this is done slightly differently for the surface extension test)

  - the framework records the test's state in the conform.log 

  - for (the # of times the framework was told to call the test's do_conform()) {
      - the framework selects a random location for the conform window
      - the framework calls the tests do_conform() method
      - the test's do_conform() method:
        - performs some functionality test. Generally, this goes something
          like:   
           - set the clipwindow and viewport to the conform window
           - draw some stuff in the conform window
           - call end_frame() (to save an image, if it's an image-based test)
           - if self-checking, call vmgrGetPixels() to read back the
             image for checking, check it and report the results via
             log_status()
        - may or may not perform multiple tests
    }

  - the framework reports the results of the tests (the number of passes
    and failures) and writes them to the log.

  - the framework calls the test's close_conform() method to let it free
    and resources it may have allocated.

  - the framework releases any windows and glide resources it may have
    allocated.

  - the framework calls grGlideShutdown() and exits.




The Conform Window
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The "conform window" is the region that a test is expected to operate in. The
framework is responsible for choosing the location and width and height of 
the window, and it can change each time a test's do_conform method is called.
Many of the tests select a preferred width and height to operate in during
their init_conform() call. 

The conform window does not need to be completely on screen (for testing
guardband clipping), and can even be completely off screen. Because of this,
tests should use the vmgrClipWindow() and vmgrViewport() functions (instead
of their glide counterparts) so that the framework's LFB reading utilities 
can clip the conformance window to the screen.  

Self-checking tests will generally:
 - set their clip window and viewport to the conform window passed to them.
 - draw some stuff in the conform window
 - call end_frame() (used as a test delimiter by the framework)
 - call vmgrGetPixels() to read back the conform window into a memory buffer.
 - examine each pixel in the memory buffer to see if it has the value they
   think it should have.

Related to the conform window is the "check region". This is the region 
that the test is supposed to verify and it's usually the same as the
conform window. The "-xycheck" argument, however, is used to specify the
width of a border of pixels surrounding the conform window that the test
should also verify. (generally, the test should verify that nothing was
drawn in it). 

The following command line options apply to the conform window:

 -wid <n>      - Specify the width of the conform window. Can be (and often 
                 is) overridden by the tests themselves.
 -hei <n>      - Specify the height of the conform window. Can be (and often
                 is) overridden by the tests themselves.
 -xycheck <n>  - specify the width of a border of pixels surrounding the 
                 conform window that the test should also verify.
 -xylimit <n>  - specify the number of pixels offscreen that the conform
                 window can be placed. A negative value means use the 
                 greatest amount the hardware can handle.

Examples:

  "ras-tri -wid 100 -hei 120" 
   runs ras-tri in a 100x120 conformance window and it checks that same 
   region for validity.

  "ras-tri -wid 100 -hei 120 -xycheck 20"
   runs ras-tri in a 100x120 conformance window but it checks the surrounding
   20 pixels, too (so it ends up checking a 140x160 window).

  "ras-tri -wid 100 -hei 120 -xylimit 50"
   runs ras-tri in a 100x120 conformance window and it checks that same 
   region for validity. The conformance window may be located at up to 
   50 pixels offscreen on any side.

  "ras-tri -wid 100 -hei 120 -xycheck 20 -xylimit 50"
   runs ras-tri in a 100x120 conformance window but it checks the surrounding
   20 pixels, too (so it ends up checking a 140x160 window). The conformance
   window may be located at up to 50 pixels offscreen on any side.
   
At the moment, the location of the conform window is not randomly generated
unless you specify an xylimit argument. 




Tools
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

runtests.pl - is a perl script that can be used to run the tests. It knows
              which are image-based and which are self-checking, and you
              can decide which group (or both) to run. It lives in the
              'conform/tests' directory. (You need perl to use it)

bmpcmp - is used to compare two images. It shows both images at the same
         time, and allows you to display the differences between the images
         in various ways. It will also tell you if they match exactly. 
         Very handy when you're trying to figure out why two images that 
         look the same have different checksums. It lives in the 
         'conform/bmpcmp' directory.

logcmp - is used to compare two conform.log files. It goes through each log
         looking for the same tests in each (all of the state has to match),
         and will then try to give a summary of results. It was meant for
         use with the image-based tests (because they generate 100's of
         images). It lives in the 'conform/logcmp' directory.

runner  - is a win32 GUI based tool for running the tests. It's most useful
          feature is that it will time out a test (say, if it hangs) 
          and let the rest of the tests continue. This is useful when
          you start the whole set of tests running and then leave your
          computer for a while. It lives in the 'conform/runner' directory,
          and uses an imput format similar to batch files. See the 
          "all.run" file in the tests directory for reference. A bad thing
          is that runner requires MFC to build and run.



Directory Structure, Files, and Tests
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

conform/bin:
conform/include:
conform/lib:

conform/bmpcmp: - Where the bmpcmp image comparison tool lives

conform/bmpdos: 

conform/docs:   - documents relating to the conformance test suite

conform/incsrc:
  conform.h     - the general framework data structures and protos
  matrix.h      - matrix math protos and defines
  vertex.h      - vertex definitions
  vmglide.h     - protos for vmglide.cpp, the emulation routines.


conform/logcmp:       - where the logcmp utility lives

conform/runner:       - where the 'runner' utility lives (it needs MFC)
conform/runner/res:

conform/template:

conform/utility:      - where the framework and utility functions live
  checksum.cpp   - checkum computation for images. From the OpenGL suite.
  data.cpp       - utils for writing the .dat files. Though this stuff is 
                   called, it's not really used for anything. And, with the
                   advent of the new vertex format, many tests are passing 
                   bogus values into it. The routines in here were designed
                   so that tests could record the glide commands they used 
                   and the output could be fed to post processing image 
                   checkers. It hasn't worked out this way, though.
  hwc_surf.cpp   - the csim-specific functions for surface extension support.
  image.cpp      - utils for handling end_frame() commands, reading back from 
                   LFB, etc.
  intrface.cpp   - general methods that may be platform-dependent.
  log.cpp        - utils for writing to the conforn.log file.
  main.cpp       - the starting point for the framework (and therefore all 
                   tests).
  matrix.cpp     - matrix math utils.
  mode.cpp       - display mode utils.
  surface_stubs.cpp - stubs for surface-extension routines that get loaded when
                      you don't have surface extentions support.
  utility.cpp    - misc utility routines (color format conversions, etc).
  vmglide.cpp    - the self-checking utilities.
  win32.cpp      - win32-specific routines. Window creation, etc.
  win32_ddsurf.cpp - win32-specific directdraw surface support.
  xlib.cpp       - unix-specific routines.


conform/tests: - the tests

  Legend: 'SC'  == has self-checking support
          'SC*' == self-checking, but might still have some functionality that 
                   isn't covered by the self-checking code. (if you need to,
                   you can test this stuff by running the tests with the '-dump'
                   option and then comparing the images).
          'IB'  == generates images

conform/tests/control:
  buffer-swap.cpp    - SC/IB, tests GrBufferSwap(), and attempts to make sure
                              that grGet()s of GR_VIDEO_POSITION, 
                              GR_NUM_SWAP_HISTORY_BUFFERS, and GR_SWAP_HISTORY 
                              work. Also tries to make sure they do what 
                              they're supposed to.
  clear.cpp          - IB, calls grBufferClear() on color and aux buffers,
                           with and without clip windows.
  error-callback.cpp - SC, calls grErrorSetCallback() to set a callback 
                           function and then triggers it.
  query-res.cpp      - SC, first calls grQueryResolutions() with GR_QUERY_ANY 
                           and verifies that grSstWinOpen() returns a context
                           for all of returned list of display configurations.
                           Then calls grQueryResolutions() with various 
                           values and makes sure that any returned results
                           are within the bounds specified (filtering test).
  query-state.cpp    - SC, tests grGetGlideState() and grSetGlideState(). Sets
                           some state, draws stuff, saves image, saves state,
                           sets more state, draws stuff, saves image, 
                           compares images, restores state, draws same stuff,
                           saves image, compares images.
  query.cpp          - SC, tests that many grGet() parameters work. Tests 
                           whether the statistical parameters (GR_STATS_*) are
                           working.
 
  simple-clear.cpp   - SC, tests clearing front, back, and aux buffers, with
                           and without clip windows.
 

conform/tests/extensions:
  ext-chroma.cpp    - IB, tests grChromaRangeModeExt() and grChromaRangeExt()
                      extensions.
  ext-fogcoord.cpp  - IB, tests FOGCOORD fog coord per vertex extension.
  ext-palette.cpp   - IB, tests PALETTE6666 color palette format extension.
  ext-surface.cpp   - SC (NEEDS UPDATING). Tests that the surface extensions
                      are working.
                      NOTE: If you want to build this test, you must have the 
                            DirectDraw SDK installed and the DXSDKROOT 
                            environment variable set to it's location. 
                            You must then rebuild the framework and test to 
                            pull in the surface extension support.
  ext-tex-chroma.cpp - IB, tests TEXCHROMA texture chroma range extension.
  ext-texture-mirror.cpp - IB, tests TEXMIRROR mirroring of textures extension.

conform/tests/raster: 

    These tests all test both clip and window coords ('-wc' for window coords).

  ras-edge.cpp           - IB, draws lines and tris at the edge of the FB.
  ras-line.cpp           - SC*, tests line rasterization. Draws many random
                                and transformed lines. AA isn't self-checked.
  ras-point.cpp          - SC*, tests point rasterization, AA isn't self-
                                checked.  Draws a fixed pattern of points at 
                                random locations.
  ras-tri.cpp            - SC, tests triangle rasterization. Draws various 
                                randomly located and oriented triangles.
  ras-tri-2.cpp          - SC*, tests two triangles with a shared edge.
                                Draws two triangles randomly located and 
                                stretched.
                                AA isn't self-checked.
  ras-va.cpp             - SC, tests rasterization of all grDrawVertexArray()
                               and grDrawVertexArrayContiguous() prims.
  ras-va-cont.cpp        - SC, continuation modes of above prims.
  simple-interp-alpha.cpp - IB, draws lines, triangles, and VA prims with an
                                alpha fading from opaque to transparent on a
                                background of opaque lines. For testing alpha 
                                interpolation.
  simple-interp-depth.cpp - IB, draws lines, triangles, and VA prims with 
                                changing depths against a staggered (depth-wise)
                                set of lines.  For checking linear depth
                                interpolation.
  simple-interp-rgb.cpp   - IB, draws various orientations of lines, tris,
                                points, and all VA prims with interpolated RGB.
  simple-interp-tex.cpp   - IB, draws various rotations of triangles with decal
                                and iterated RGB textures applied. Also draws
                                fixed triangles with rotated texture coords.
  simple-ras.cpp          - IB, draws various orientations of lines, tris, 
                                points, and all VA prims.

conform/tests/state:
  alpha-blend.cpp         - IB, tests alpha blending with no destination alpha. 
  alpha-buffer.cpp        - IB, tests alpha blending with destination alpha.
  alpha-combine.cpp       - SC, tests many permutations of paramaters to 
                                grAlphaCombine().
  alpha-funky.cpp         - IB, tests that grAlphaControlsITRGBLighting() works.
  alpha-test.cpp          - IB, tests grAlphaTestFunction() and 
                                grAlphaTestReferenceValue().
  backface-cull.cpp       - IB, draws various orientations of all prims with the
                                three cull modes.
  color-chroma.cpp        - IB, tests chroma-keying (grChromaKeyMode(), 
                                grChromaKeyValue()).
  color-combine.cpp       - SC, tests many permutations of parameters to 
                                grColorCombine().
  color-constant.cpp      - IB, tests drawing with constant color and blending
                                with alpha .
  color-dither.cpp        - IB, tests grDitherMode(). Draws ramps with 
                                different dither modes.
  depth-wbias.cpp         - SC, tests grDepthBiasLevel() for w buffering.
  depth-wbuffer-sc.cpp    - SC, tests basic w buffering by drawing at different 
                                depths with different grDepthBufferFunction()s.
  depth-wbuffer.cpp       - IB, tests basic w buffering by drawing at different 
                                depths with different grDepthBufferFunction()s.
                                This test hits the edge cases better than the 
                                -sc version.
  depth-zbias.cpp         - SC, tests grDepthBiasLevel() for z buffering.
  depth-zbuffer-sc.cpp    - SC, tests basic z buffering by drawing at different 
                                depths with different grDepthBufferFunction()s.
  depth-zbuffer.cpp       - IB, tests basic z buffering by drawing at different 
                                depths with different grDepthBufferFunction()s. 
                                This test hits the edge cases better than the 
                                -sc version.
  disable-effects.cpp     - IB, tests that grDisableEffects() works on alpha 
                                blending, fog, chroma keying, depth buffering,  
                                and alpha testing.
  flex-coords.cpp             - IB, creates random vertex layouts and draws various orientations
                                of all prims.
  flex-coords-depth-color.cpp - IB, same, but with depth and color coords.
  flex-coords-texture.cpp     - IB, same, but with texture coords.
  flex-coords-texture-fog.cpp - IB, same, but with texture and fog coords.
  fog.cpp                 - IB, tests combinations of grFogMode(), 
                                guFogGenerate*(), and color. 
  gamma.cpp               - Needs user input. Tests gamma correction utils 
                            grLoadGammaTable() and guGammaCorrectionRGB().
  lfb-region.cpp          - SC, tests grLfbReadRegion() and grLfbWriteRegion().
  lfb.cpp                 - SC, tests various LFB reads and writes.

conform/tests/texture:
  texture-bias.cpp            -IB, tests MIP mapped texture LOD bias.
  texture-combine-detail.cpp  -IB, tests texture combine with detail blending.
  texture-combine-lod.cpp     -IB, tests texture combine with LOD blending.
  texture-combine-multi.cpp   -IB, tests texture combine with multiple TMUs.
  texture-combine.cpp         -IB, tests texture combine functionality.
  texture-filter.cpp          -IB, tests filtering of single level textures.
  texture-interp.cpp          -IB, tests texture interpolation across various
                                   odd-shaped triangles. 
  texture-interp-2tmu.cpp     -IB, same, but uses two TMUs.
  texture-interp-large.cpp    -IB, same, but uses very large texture coords.
  texture-interp-2tmu-large.cpp  -IB, but uses two TMUS and very large texture 
                                      coords.
  texture-interp-3df.cpp      -IB, tests decal and iterated RGB texture 
                                   interpolation on various triangles. The
                                   texture is a .3df file, so it tests the 
                                   various gu3df utils. Also does AA and 
                                   bilinear filtering.
  texture-load-format.cpp     -IB, tests various texture formats. 
  texture-load-level.cpp      -IB, tests loading of MIP mapped texture levels.
  texture-load-mip.cpp        -IB, tests loading of MIP mapped textures.
  texture-load-multi.cpp      -IB, tests loading of Multibase textures.
  texture-load-ncc.cpp        -IB, tests NCC texture formats.
  texture-load-palette.cpp    -IB, tests palettized texture formats.
  texture-load-partial.cpp    -IB, tests loading of MIP mapped texture chunks.
  texture-load-simple.cpp     -IB, tests loading of single level textures.
  texture-lod.cpp             -IB, tests MIP mapped texture level of detail.
  texture-mode.cpp            -IB, tests MIP map disable, nearest and dither.
  texture-wrap.cpp            -IB, tests wrapping of single level textures.




